Wh-What?
Want a little treat?
Huh?
Wh-What?
I got some really steamy snaps.
S-Snaps?!
They're super steamy. Piping hot.
P-Piping hot?!
And they're all natural.
A-All natural?!
I-I can't look at those.
Snap-Sizzle-Pop Chicken Bites.
What did you think I meant?
I-I wasn't expecting anything.
Why are you so red, then?
You were expecting something lewd, huh?
Weren't you, pervy Senpai?
Here. Say, "Ah."
I'll... I'll eat it myself.
It's crazy good.
Made fresh and steaming hot.
Y-Yeah?
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
DON'T TOY WITH ME, MISS NAGATORO
You Seem Pretty Stiff, Senpai
I hate this.
I can't stand marathons.
The second-years are doing a marathon.
There's Senpai!
He's way in the lead!
I'm pretty sure he got lapped.
What's this? Senpai's falling behind!
I saw you, Senpai.
What was that flimsy running?
Sh-Shut up!
I'm embarrassed that you're my senpai.
I can't help it.
I'm bad at running.
Sure you can help it.
Even you can learn to run if you practice.
No way.
Everyone's got their
strengths and weaknesses.
I'm not good at anything besides drawing.
You won't know until you try.
Practicing only helps if
you already have talent.
There's no point if you aren't
cut out for it to begin with.
I don't want to hear your groaning!
Fine! We're having secret training
sessions starting tomorrow.
I'm going to slap that
rotten attitude straight!
Like in a sports anime?!
Like in a sports anime!
So sleepy.
There goes my weekend.
Why do I have to run?
Senpai!
Good morning!
M-Morning.
That was kind of creepy, Senpai.
Hey!
Stop it!
Let's go, Senpai.
Sports anime time!
This is way too intense.
My stomach's cramping up.
This is the least fitting
thing I could be doing.
You're falling behind, Senpai.
You wanna go, Senpai?
You aren't beating me!
You don't need to race me!
I'm spent.
Oh, come on.
We're only halfway there.
I'm good.
I don't think this is for me.
You can go ahead.
I see.
You sure are...
a wimp.
Wimp
Wimp...
I knew you weren't very gutsy,
but I didn't realize it was this bad.
A grade schooler has more guts than you.
You have less guts than
a puppy, or even a bug.
What's wrong?
Feeling insulted?
Does being laughed at by a
younger girl make you feel insulted?
Come after me if you're that upset!
Right, Maggot-senpai?
You didn't...
You didn't have to say it like that!
I'll promote you to human
if you can finish the run.
Until then, you're Maggot-senpai.
Who are you calling a maggot?!
I made it.
I ran five kilometers.
I knew you could do it if you tried.
I wouldn't mind taking back "maggot," Senpai.
Why, thank you.
Well, then, now that we've ran a ton...
It's time to stretch.
You have to take your time to
really stretch your muscles.
That'll lessen your muscle
fatigue for tomorrow.
You do it too, Senpai.
You seem pretty stiff, Senpai.
Can you even bend forward?
Like this.
What are you daydreaming about?
N-No...
You're doing it, too, Senpai.
Oh, jeez.
You're way too stiff, Senpai.
Sit down for a second, please.
I'll help you out.
I-It's fine.
I'll do it myself.
It's more efficient when you do it together.
All right. Now, stand up.
We'll do some side stretches.
Here we go!
Ow, ow, ow!
Take it slower!
Don't be such a baby!
That hurts!
Fusion?
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
Art Room
I'll Do It For You, Senpai!!
Who should I get to model?
I'm not good at self-portraits.
I might have to ask the club president.
Senpai!
Looks like you've got something on your mind.
What's the matter?
What was that about a model?
I heard you.
No, um...
I see.
You haven't been able to find a model
for your piece for the culture festival.
Poor you, Senpai.
You don't have any friends, do you?
Shut up!
I mean, if you're really
desperate, I'll do it for you...
No thanks.
But I'm offering!
A cute younger girl!
I've decided I'm going
to draw a guy this time!
Why?
"Why?"
Because...
Because it's hard to draw the
person face-to-face otherwise.
Even though you draw this
kind of stuff all the time?
This is what you really want to
draw, isn't it, you closet perv?
N-No!
Th-That's just a d-d-d-doodle
I made because I was bored.
Liar! Liar!
You drew such a detailed character.
Fine.
I'll draw you.
But you have to prepare your own outfit.
I don't have any girls' clothes.
That's the condition.
Sure thing.
What kind of clothes would you like?
A swimsuit, I bet, right?
Senpai's such a pervert.
No, I want to draw that.
You aren't going to find an outfit
that came from a drawing.
It's the Folding Screen Tiger strategy!
I kind of feel bad about
what I did the other day.
She offered to model for me.
She actually found the outfit!
I had the needlecraft club
put it together for me.
What do you think?
Say something!
You were the one who made me do this.
I-It's not bad. I think.
The fabric is well-done and stuff.
That's your compliment?
I mean... I think it looks good on you.
Creep! Creep! Creep! Creep! Creep!
Make me look sexy, Senpai.
S-Sexy?
I-I'm just going to draw you normally.
Paisen's beet red.
Beet red!
That's so hilarious.
Oh, yeah, the culture festival
starts next week.
Yeah.
It does.
My club's running a yakisoba stand.
Yakisoba
300 yen
Swimming Club
Specialty!!
Come and get it!
It's a specialty dish served by the
Kazehaya High School Swimming Club,
with a twenty-year history.
You aren't even a club member.
Shush.
Helpers are members, too.
Haunted House
My class is doing a haunted house.
It's scary as hell.
Too scary even for Junji!
I think I'm going to be
helping the gaming club.
You mean the one from the dining hall?
You're still with that club, Sakura?
Yeah.
We all made up and decided
to have fun together.
I-I see.
What's the art club doing for the festival?
The color's getting muddy there.
Right.
Let it dry out and work on
something else in the meantime.
Okay.
Don't get lazy.
O-Okay.
That frame is tilted to the right.
Fix it for me.
Okay.
Kazehaya High School Culture Festival
Art Club Exhibit
That was good.
It was.
Art
Club
We got a lot of visitors.
Yeah.
I think it turned out a lot better to look
at since we followed the president's opinions.
She's pretty amazing.
Well done.
We put together a good memory.
We second-years are going to
be studying for art school.
We won't be showing up
at the club for a while.
I'm counting on you to
take care of the art club.
Okay.
Senpai looks pensive.
Gross.
Right. The art festival.
I guess I'll probably do an art
exhibit like we did last year.
So lame.
I bet no one's going to come.
That sounds boring.
Gloomy!
I guess that suits you, though.
We'll help you out.
Let's make it more hype.
What do you mean, "more hype"?
Like...
Whack-a-Senpai!
Cackle, cackle, cackle!
Or...
Pop-up Senpai!
Cackle, cackle, cackle!
You're about the only ones
who would enjoy that!
Something a bit easier to understand, then.
Tea
A cat café.
Here you go, meow.
H-Hey!
You're so close!
You're so red.
Paisen's really enjoying it.
Totally enjoying it!
I'm not!
Maybe the reverse works, too.
Reverse?
Like a drag café.
Not happening!
That might kinda work.
It might work.
I think it would be popular.
You might end up really popular, Senpai-kun.
Nope!
That's too creepy!
Maybe yes?
Yes!
No means no!
Jeez, these girls...
Those footsteps!
Stay in the next room for a while.
Hurry!
What for?
I'll explain later.
H-Hurry!
This is so annoying.
It reeks of oil.
Gross.
Senpai's going to lock us up.
N-No!
P-President...
What brings you here oday?
Does a club member need a
reason to show up to the club?
No.
That's gotta be his ex.
There's no way!
Maybe he likes older women.
No!
Actually?
I said no!
I thought I'd do something
for the culture festival.
An exhibit again, right?
I've left you in charge of the art club.
It's up to you to decide.
I-I've been thinking of doing an exhibit.
It'd be great if you could
present something, President.
There's another reason I came here today.
I've heard some unsavory rumors lately.
That the art club room has become a
gathering place for some nasty characters.
I can't imagine that you'd
invite people here to party.
But the club room is not
a place for merrymaking!
The president's so scary.
Paisen's getting wrung out.
Seems like it's our fault, though.
Sorry...
The student council's given me a warning.
I came to see how seriously
you've been taking the art club.
What is this, the manga club?
N-No...
I've been thinking that if you don't
care to take the art club seriously...
Club Termination Form
I ought to shut down the club.
Do you have anything to say for yourself?
If not, I'll go submit this
to the student council.
Wa...
Wait a second.
Who are you?
W-Well...
She's a f-first-year who's
been modeling for me.
President...
Don't you think that's a bit selfish?
What?
You've neglected the club all this time.
Now you show up out of nowhere
just to shut it down?
Don't you think that's a bit much?
If the club members aren't
taking the club seriously,
there is no reason to continue activities.
You don't...
You don't know that he's
not taking the club seriously.
Senpai's been on his own.
Always...
drawing like a keener.
If you're so sure that he's
been taking it seriously,
I'd like to see his work
at the culture festival.
As an art club exhibit?
No.
I may have half-quit the art club,
but I'm still the president.
If you insist on going against me,
I'll have you put together your own
exhibit separate from the club's.
Kazehaya High School Award!
Ballot box
Cast your vote!!
Students vote for the exhibit
they like best every year.
Ballot form
Choose three of your favorite exhibits
If your exhibit earns more votes than mine...
I won't shut down the club.
M-Me? Take on the president by myself?
I can't.
You've got this.
Let's do it, Senpai.
Points of improvement for today!
You look iffy in a maid outfit, Senpai!
That's your complaint?!
Welcome home, Master.
Say it.
Th-That's a lot of talking.
Welcome home, Master.
H-He did it!
Yes.